---
name: CS50
thumbnail: https://assets.tommyoldfield.co.uk/cs50-thumbnail
slug: cs50
redirect_from:
    - /portfolio/pinocchio
    - /portfolio/flack
    - /portfolio/biblio
    - /portfolio/dotahead
---

# CS50
CS50 was where I learned how to program and develop web applications and after completing CS50, I instantly enrolled onto the <abbr title="CS50's Web Programming with Python and JavaScript course">CS50w</abbr> course, completing it in 2019. Below is information on all of the web apps that I developed through the various problem sets.  

## CS50w projects
### Pinocchio's Pizza
{% include image.html filename="pinocchios_pizza_portfolio" alt="Pinocchio's Pizza screenshots for desktop and mobile." width="960" height="792" %}

<a href="http://arkkenarch.pythonanywhere.com/">Pinocchio's Pizza</a> was the 3rd project of CS50w and is an e-commerce site based on <a href="https://www.pinocchiospizza.net/">Pinocchhio's Pizza and Subs</a> in Harvard Square, Cambridge, USA.
Built with the Django web framework, it allows customers to create accounts, add items to their basket, customise and place their orders, and see when their orders are complete for pickup.
Site admins are given the ability to add/remove items from the menu and mark orders as complete. 

### Flack

{% include image.html filename="flack_portfolio" alt="Desktop and mobile screenshots for the Flack instant messaging web app." width="960" height="547" %}

Flack was the 2nd project of CS50w and it's an instant messaging web app built with Flask, Socket.io, and JavaScript. The app allows users to choose a display name, create their own chat rooms, and send direct messages other users in real-time. The design is based upon IRC chatrooms.

### Bibl.io
{% include image.html filename="biblio_portfolio" alt="Desktop and mobile screenshots for the Bibl.io book review web app." width="960" height="940" %}

 Bibl.io was the result of the first project of CS50w - Books. It's a book review website built with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and Flask, that allows users to rate and review thousands of books. The site also uses the Goodreads API to show extra information about the books.

## CS50 projects
### Dotahead

{% include image.html filename="dotahead_portfolio" alt="Two different views for the match page in the Dotahead web app." width="960" height="603" %}

Dotahead was my final project for CS50 and is a match and player parser for the Valve video game, Dota 2.
The app was built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and Flask, and pulls data from the Dota 2 API, allowing users to see in-depth post-match statistics as well as the match's picks and bans.
The information in each match page can be viewed in two ways: a detailed view containing K/D/A, Last Hits, Denies and items, and a simpler view inspired by the in-game post-match screen showing Hero Name and Level, K/D/A and items.
The Player History page shows a player's previous 10 played matches, showing each team's lineup and the hero played by that player. Each match also links to it's own match page.